 Good morning, everyone, and welcome here in Brussels. It's an exciting moment for Hajjama's health to have you here and to present you our priorities for the incoming presidency. As you know, we Belgiums, we have the European Union in our DNA, as much as the name of Hajjama already disappears. As I said, we have the European Union in our DNA. We have the capital of the European Union that is here, so many European institutions that are here. If there is one country that embodies the end of diversity and the dynamism that the European Union is today, I think it is in Belgium. We will be at the helm of European Union for six months. It is true, true honor to be in that situation. We know that it is also a responsibility. A responsibility to deliver, and a responsibility to deliver to the concerns and the interests of all EU citizens. No one will deny that these are challenging times. And the evolution of the European Union has never been a straight line. But it is often in the most challenging times that the greatest steps forward have been made. Today, we could not imagine a life without the Europe, without the single market, without the free movement of people, without the Lisbon Treaty. Today, we live, we pay, we connect, we study, we conduct business in 27 countries, as it actually were only one country. But the past years have been a rude awakening. We have a horrific war on the European continent, we have a terrible war happening in the Middle East. And if we look at the atrocities that human beings inflict on each other, we could only be in a situation where we know that we have a responsibility to play. We will continue to emphasize the values of dignity, we will continue to plead for the respect of human rights. Over the past years, the pandemic and the economic crisis and the energy crisis have really tested the Union. But I think we showed that if the Union is truly a union being unified, that we can deliver for our citizens. But we also understand that today our citizens are looking for certainty. And for that certainty, for that perspective, they are looking at the European Union, up to us to respond to that very legitimate expectation of certainty and of perspective. And that really has been the guiding element of the agenda for our presidency. And I really would like to synthesize it in three phrases. First of all, protect our people. Secondly, strengthen our economy and third element, prepare for our shared future. How will we do that? Well, let me first start by protecting our people. Protecting our people means ensuring the security and the well-being of our own European citizens. This means protecting our borders, strengthening our social and our health agenda, preserving Europe's unity and protecting and supporting Ukraine. Second line, strengthening our economy, we urgently need to enhance the EU's competitiveness on the global stage. And at the same time, deliver on the green, the digital and the just transition. Third line, preparing our future. The European Union needs to cater to our citizens. And the exercise we need to do is, is the EU and our institutions and its functioning today fit for that future? We will have to reform the union, its policies, its budgets, its institutions in the view of a possible future enlargement. Let it be clear, we stand ready to deliver in this presidency. And let me start first of all with the legislative agenda. The Spanish presidency has and still is making great strides and we will continue the work that the excellent work that our Spanish colleagues have and are still conducting. We know that there is approximately 150 files which are on the table. We will prioritize them and we will do that of course together with our colleagues and based on those policies you will continue the excellent work that has been done. 150 files is a lot, but we Belgians are used to work in overtime and to deliver in overtime. Second element, next to the legislative agenda, is to support the discussions on the strategic agenda. What type of union do you want to be in 2029? What are the priorities that we need to act on and how do we adapt on that? Third element and I would say finally is, make the agenda and prioritize the entire reforms which are necessary to maintain a functioning union and to be able to act decisively in the interest of all Europeans. Any reforms, they will have to strengthen the unity and our capacity to act in unity. So, to conclude, we have no time to waste. The expectancy on the Belgian presidency is that we deliver and that is what we are going to do. And let me maybe now take some time to explain you the official logo of the Belgian presidency. As I said, Belgium is at a crossroads. You see that in the logo because the logo, if you look at it, has a perfect angle and is a perfect symbol of a crossroads. The emphasis on the logo is on the EU. The font for Belgium is a bit smaller and a bit less bold than the EU and it underscores our priority. Our priority is to deliver for Europe. We as Belgians want to deliver for a European Union and to make that European Union stronger for all European citizens. Our priority is with all the European citizens. The color of blue, of course, is the defining color of the European Union. The color of yellow is the color that connects all the entities in Belgium. Maybe only the Belgian journalists will know about this, but if you look at all the symbols and all the flags that you have of all the people. You can see that you have all the different Belgian entities. In any of these flags, you will always find the color of yellow. The symbolism of Europe, the yellow is connecting Belgium, of course, yellow is also the other color in the European flag. What you expect from us is to deliver. To deliver on strengthening the European Union. To deliver on the sizeiveness. To deliver on the unity. This is what citizens expect from us. This is what we will do. This is the effort we will put for 100% in delivering on that. And I would like to invite you to take another look.