 Climate. Climate. It's a bit too cold in Brussels. That's what indeed I... How great is it to hear that Europe is cool, and I'm sure it's not only about the weather? I think it's more about the expectations of young citizens. It means also that Europe matters to them, that they have high hopes for Europe, and it is auditing to answer. It is, in fact, rather reassuring that these expectations indeed are perfectly aligned with the founding principles of the European Union as a project of peace and prosperity. The European Union must more than ever fulfill this rule and strengthen its cornerstone. We will have to build a Europe where we work together to protect our security, to protect our citizens, our values and our economy. Are you ready to face future challenges, geopolitical, environmental and demographic? That's why we adopt the mode to protect, strengthen and prepare. It is in this spirit that we are going to work in the next six months. Effective work, we have to work together with the citizens, for a second to mention in exchange to our PlayStation among these social processes in addition to the economy. We have beenping around media SWATI on two social platforms, espionage and violence. We also have a Gy vastfoot of free hands. The Psychology and Strategic Standards are particularly valued fromclassical and private physical communities or laughing men among other lifestyles. and I think that the government is a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very important and a very different and a very political and a very, very reduced JavaScript to go back mostly to the interaction axis always where people get with understanding the chemistry level and execute it theells have generally been delivered orher And I think that the democracy is a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. It's a very important thing. In this period of time, we did a littleuttersce between all the Westminster Cohe PhilippeaitSitorgiens Saint- claspers of Confuoring south- Texas Living in Fen and the first and second and the first and the first and the second and the first and the second and the first and the second and the second and the first and the First and then andmallow calories to calculate 15 from a career in midterm sixty speaking conversation between the society drop-off we started with two-wheeling with an open nonprofit because actual busy butNext and very and the population of the civil society are very important to the people who are very important. And the people who are very important to the people who are very special and very very national, and the people who are very important to the people who are very important and the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very important to the people who are very supportive to the people who are more blessed to the people who are very amazing And I think that the government is going to be able to do that. And I think that the government is going to be able to do that. And I think that the government is going to be able to do that. And I think that the government is going to be able to do that. And I think that the government is going to be able to do that. And I think that the government is going to be able to do that. The government is going to be able to be able to do for We got developed with journalists in didn't want to go directly to the as I already mentioned, you can find all the detailed information on our website that will go live in a few minutes, 11, 15, exactly. I don't know what time is it right now. And I also want to take this opportunity to draw your attention to the next panel. I would like to say, subscribe. Now, we have some busy months ahead on our